{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20\par
\par
    Prime\par
\par
IGN's Game of the Year 2013 Revealed!\par
\par
    Create Wiki\par
\par
Flipull - Walkthrough/FAQ\par
\par
************************************\par
Game: Flipull\par
Platform: Gameboy\par
FAQ\par
Version: Final  (6-4-03)\par
By: nnguyen11490\par
Email: nnguyen11490@yahoo.com\par
************************************\par
 _________  _   _                    _  _\par
|  _______|| | |_|                  | || |\par
| |___     | |  _   _ ____   _   _  | || |\par
|  ___|    | | | | | ' __ \\ | | | | | || |\par
| |        | | | | |  |__| || | | | | || |\par
| |        | | | | | ,____/ | |_| \\ | || |\par
|_|        |_| |_| | |       \\___/\\/|_||_|\par
                   | |\par
                   |_|   FLIPULL\par
\par
Copyrighted 2002 nnguyen11490. None of this writing\par
may be reproduce in any way without the writer's\par
permission. This faq is for personal use only. If\par
you want to put this faq on your website, magazine,\par
etc email me first. You might or will be sue if you\par
don't have my permission!!! Remember plagiarism is\par
a crime that will be punish.\par
\par
\par
******************\par
Table of Contents\par
******************\par
1. Versions (updates)\par
2. Introduction\par
3. Controls\par
4. In Game Options\par
5. Blocks Guide\par
6. How to Play\par
7. FAQ\par
8. Credits\par
9. Contact Information\par
\par
\par
******************\par
Versions (updates)\par
******************\par
\par
\par
Final 6/4/03 Last Update\par
As if the time this FAQ will get update it will be the\par
final update I will make for this FAQ. Note, there is\par
a chance of me updating it again and adding new things\par
to it if I find anything missing.\par
- Reread the FAQ\par
- Fixed Common Errors\par
- Updated Contact Information Section\par
- Completed 100% Of the FAQ!\par
\par
\par
v1.0 (11/21/03) Launching of the FAQ\par
- Completed Blocks Section\par
- Completed the In Game Option Section\par
- Completed How To Play Section\par
- Completed FAQ section\par
- Completed Control section\par
- Added Contact Information\par
\par
\par
******************\par
Introduction\par
******************\par
As many of you should know Flipull isn't a very long\par
game, but the kost challenging parts about it is the\par
difficulty. Unlike other games you don't shoot people,\par
play mini-games, or race, all you get to do is clear blocks.\par
Sounds Borin? Well it's kinda is because that's alll your\par
doing in the game. I bet you're probally thinking but if it\par
isn't that long, then why did I bother writing a FAQ about it.\par
Simply to explain the game better and give more strategy for\par
some of you that might need help on it. The only sad thing about\par
the game is that each level is changed with different kinds of\par
blocks so I can't write a walkthrough on it >_<\par
\par
In this FAQ you'll learn all of the basic informations likes:\par
the blocks, controls, and then I'll get to the good stuff like\par
strategy to beat a certain level, ect. Thanks for checking out\par
one of my FAQs and hope it helps :)\par
\par
******************\par
Controls\par
******************\par
\par
Control Pad : Move, Select Options\par
\par
A Button : Confirm Move\par
\par
B Button: Confirm Move\par
\par
Start : Pause/Open Menu\par
\par
Select : N/A\par
\par
\par
******************\par
In Game Option\par
******************\par
\par
Player Select\par
---------------\par
As the game first begin you'll see 2 option, 1 Player and\par
2 Players. If you have a friend or relative to play with\par
you, why not select 2 players to test your skill? But if\par
you want to challenge yourself select 1 Player and get\par
ready for some strategy!\par
\par
\par
Pause\par
-------\par
During the gameplay press pause and the game will stop.\par
Press Start again and the game will continue.\par
\par
\par
So much for the in game options, I told you this game will\par
be small.\par
\par
\par
******************\par
Blocks Guide\par
******************\par
There are a numerous ammount of different kind of blocks\par
in the game. You need to know then all by heart before you\par
can start gettting the game. Here's all of them:\par
\par
\par
S Block\par
Description: These boxes you'll see a little "S" on it.\par
Effects: The best block you can only use 4 of these in a\par
game. These great blocks will clear any block out, no matter\par
what.\par
\par
   _\par
 _| |_\par
|_____| Block\par
Description: since I couldn't explain the shape of the block,\par
I'll draw it instead. These blocks you see that kind of\par
symbol on them. (look above)\par
Effects: A Regular Block, can only clear blocks with the\par
same symbol.\par
\par
 _\par
|_| Block\par
Description: A block with a square in the middle.\par
Effects: A Regular Block, can only clear blocks with the\par
same symbol.\par
\par
X Block\par
Description: A Block with an X in the middle.\par
Effects: A Regular Block, can only clear blocks with the\par
same symbol.\par
\par
Circle Block\par
Description: A Block with a little circle in the middle.\par
Effects: A Regular Block, can only clear blocks with the\par
same symbol.\par
\par
\par
Now that you learned all of the blocks, I'll explain the\par
gameplay.\par
\par
\par
******************\par
How To Play\par
******************\par
The Point of the game is to clear as much blocks as you\par
can. Inorder to move on to the next round you need to\par
reach a certain ammount of points. Here's some basic\par
information on how to play:\par
\par
Step 1 : In every round you start out with the S Block.\par
You can use that block to clear any different block in\par
the pile as you want.\par
\par
Step 2 : As you clear a block in the pile the blocks\par
behind it will be your next block. To put it simply\par
you use a blck you get the block behind it.\par
\par
Step 3 : Now that you got a new block you have to use\par
the symbol on it to match the other blocks with the same\par
symbols. Don't try to get the blocks in the middle, you\par
can only get blocks that are outside.\par
\par
Stuck : At some point of the game you will shoot a block\par
and get a block return with no other block with the same\par
symbol. If you can't match any other block with the same\par
symbol, you have to use a life. You got 3 lives and every\par
life you use they'll give you a S Block to start over.\par
\par
Time Limit : There is a time limit in every level. If you\par
don't clear the round before the time limit is out you\par
lose and will be force to start over! So hurry, hurry,\par
hurry!!!\par
\par
Clearing Rounds : Inorder for you to clear a round you\par
have to reach a minimum ammount points and have to get\par
below the time limit. As you move on to the next round.\par
Each round as you replay it will have different blocks\par
each time so don't expect use the same strategy.\par
\par
\par
******************\par
FAQ\par
******************\par
What is "FAQ"? Frequently Asked Questions. Since I'm\par
tired of people sending me questions about the game,\par
I created this section. Please read through this\par
section to see if your questions has been answer\par
before sending me questions.\par
\par
===================================================================\par
\par
Q: How many Rounds are there?\par
\par
A: To be honest I don't really know. The farthest\par
I've reached is round 24. I guess the game have an\par
unlimited ammount of rounds.\par
\par
===================================================================\par
\par
Q: Do the round blocks change if I replay the round?\par
\par
A: Yes, that's the problem so I can't write a\par
walkthrough on the game. >_<\par
\par
===================================================================\par
\par
Q: How many kinds of Blocks are there?\par
\par
A: 5 different ones.\par
\par
===================================================================\par
\par
Q: Is there any other feature to the game?\par
\par
A: No, it's just only blocks.\par
\par
===================================================================\par
\par
\par
******************\par
Credits\par
******************\par
\par
nnguyen11490 (nnguyen11490@yahoo.com)\par
I would like to thank nnguyen11490 (me) for taking\par
time for typing all of this up.\par
\par
CJayC (GameFaqs.com)\par
Thanks Ceej for posting this FAQ and for creating\par
the greatest video FAQ site on the web :)\par
\par
\par
*********************\par
Contact Information\par
*********************\par
\par
Here's some ways you can contact me to fix or make the FAQ\par
better. Due to randomly dumb emails I'm getting I will no\par
longer answer anymore emails!\par
\par
\par
Message Board\par
--------------\par
I'm always found on the gamefaqs and neoseeker message board.\par
\par
Email\par
------\par
nnguyen11490@yahoo.com\par
\par
Instant Message\par
----------------\par
Yahoo Instant Messenger: nnguyen11490\par
AIM: ngankn11490\par
\par
\par
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~\par
   Copyright\par
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~\par
\par
Copyrighted 2002 nnguyen11490. None of this writing may\par
be reproduce in Any way without the writer's permission.\par
This FAQ is for personal use only. If you want to put\par
this FAQ on your website, magazine, etc, email me first!\par
You might or will be sue if you don't have my\par
permission!!! Remember Plagiarism is a crime that will\par
be punished.\par
\par
Remeber if you want to use some information on my FAQs for your own\par
FAQ or anything else, the feel free to email me and I MIGHT give\par
you permission.\par
\par
                                   Sincerely ~ nnguyen11490\par
\par
_/_/_/_/_/_/_/ _/    _/ _/_/_/_/    _/_/_/_/ _/_/  _/ _/_/_/\par
    _/_/      _/    _/ _/_/_/      _/_/_/   _/_/  _/ _/   _/\par
   _/_/      _/_/_/_/ _/          _/       _/ _/ _/ _/  _ /\par
  _/_/      _/    _/ _/_/_/_/    _/_/_/_/ _/  _/_/ _/_/_/\par
\par
Submitted by nnguyen11490 - Published on 06/30/03\par
\par
    IGN.com:\par
    Editorial Staff\par
    Review Guide\par
    Send Us News\par
    Sign Up for Email Updates\par
    Site Map\par
\par
    International:\par
    IGN World Map\par
    Australia\par
    Asia Pacific\par
    Benelux\par
    Canada\par
    Denmark\par
    Finland\par
    Germany\par
    Ireland\par
    Italy\par
    Middle East\par
    Norway\par
    Russia\par
    Spain\par
    Sweden\par
    United Kingdom\par
    United States\par
\par
IGN Entertainment\par
\par
    IGN\par
    AskMen\par
    GameSpy\par
    1Up\par
    IPL\par
\par
Copyright 1996-2014, IGN Entertainment, Inc. An IGN Entertainment Games site\par
\par
    About Us\par
    Advertise\par
    Contact Us\par
    Press\par
    Careers\par
    RSS Feeds\par
\par
    Support\par
    Privacy Policy\par
    User Agreement\par
\par
AdChoices\par
}
 