{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20\par
The 2D Video Game Forum - 2Dgaming.net - Forum Index \tab   \tab  \par
  \tab\par
 FAQ |  Search |  Memberlist |  Usergroups  | Register | Profile |  Log in to check your private messages |  Log in \par
Plotting/Flipull strategy guide\par
\par
 \par
Post new topic   Reply to topic \tab    The 2D Video Game Forum - 2Dgaming.net - Forum Index -> Strategy\par
View previous topic :: View next topic  \par
Author \tab Message\par
doctorx0079\par
\par
\par
\par
Joined: 07 Jan 2008\par
Posts: 15\par
Location: Dayton, OH\par
\tab\par
PostPosted: Fri Feb 08, 2008 6:26 am    Post subject: Plotting/Flipull strategy guide \tab Reply with quote\par
The only strat guide I have made so far. Might as well post it here.\par
\par
\par
\par
/***************************************************************************/\par
| Plotting (Flipull) |\par
| |\par
| FAQ |\par
| Version 1.0 |\par
| by The Mysterious Doctor X (doctorx0079_at_bex.net) |\par
/***************************************************************************/\par
\par
\par
\par
"plot - vb 4 : to plan or contrive esp. secretly"\par
\par
- Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary Tenth Edition\par
\par
\par
\par
Plotting is an arcade game made by Taito in 1989. Plotting is an action\par
puzzle game where the goal is to match colors. This makes it related to Puyo\par
Puyo and Super Puzzle Fighter among others.\par
\par
Yes, this game is also known as Flipull. Flipull was the name given to\par
the home versions for some reason. This FAQ is about the arcade game. Most\par
of this FAQ should also apply to the home versions.\par
\par
This game may seem rather bland, but it can be quite relaxing with its\par
quiet synth music and thoughtful gameplay.\par
\par
<Disclaimer> This FAQ is for personal use only. It may not be altered without\par
the consent of the FAQ's owner (me), nor published in any magazines or any\par
reproduced form. This FAQ is not meant for sale and is copyright 2006, The\par
Mysterious Doctor X. If you want to use this FAQ on your Website or page,\par
please email me for permission (doctorx0079_at_bex.net).\par
\par
\par
/******************************************************/\par
|******************Table of Contents*******************|\par
/******************************************************/\par
| Part I - How To Play |\par
/======================================================/\par
| A - The Basics |\par
/******************************************************/\par
| B - Matching |\par
/******************************************************/\par
| C - The Yellow Block |\par
/******************************************************/\par
| D - Advanced Matching Techniques |\par
/******************************************************/\par
| E - Pipes |\par
/======================================================/\par
| Part II - Scoring |\par
/======================================================/\par
| Part III - Strategy |\par
/======================================================/\par
| Part IV - Ending |\par
/======================================================/\par
| Part V - Credits/Thanks/Version History |\par
/******************************************************/\par
\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
/************************/\par
| Part I - How To Play |\par
/************************/\par
\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
/******************/\par
| (I-A) The Basics |\par
/******************/\par
\par
\par
Your character is a little tan blob with brown dots for eyes. The high\par
score board lists "Best Amshas" so I'm assuming the blob is an Amsha.\par
\par
There are 59 levels. The object of the game is to eliminate blocks by\par
hitting them with blocks of the same color. When you have the same or less\par
than a minimum number of blocks you go on to the next level. For each level\par
the clock is reset to 3:00 and counts down. If the clock runs out the game\par
immediately ends. The game also ends when you can't make any more matches\par
and you don't have any yellow blocks. Finally, the game ends if you manage\par
to finish level 59 (good luck).\par
\par
Each level has a pile of blocks. The layout of the pile of blocks\par
apparently varies between several possible combinations for each level. So\par
you may see the same combinations in a given level from one game to the\par
next, or you may see different ones in the same level.\par
\par
The ceiling over the pile of blocks has chunks cut out of it so that\par
your blocks can hit it and slide down. The ceiling is often shaped\par
differently from level to level. The ceiling in a given level is the same\par
from game to game.\par
\par
In each level there is a different odd picture in the background which\par
is in two colors. This has no effect on gameplay.\par
\par
There are 5 kinds of blocks :\par
\par
white with red circle\par
\par
white with green square\par
\par
white with blue Taito logo\par
\par
white with black x\par
\par
yellow with red lightning bolt\par
\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
/****************/\par
| (I-B) Matching |\par
/****************/\par
\par
\par
You can move your Amsha up and down along the left side of the board.\par
Press the button to make the Amsha throw the block it's holding to the right\par
in a straight line. If a block hits a block that doesn't match, it bounces\par
back to the Amsha. If the block matches the block that it hits, both blocks\par
disappear. If there is more than one block of that type in a row, in the\par
same direction the block is moving, all the blocks in the row disappear.\par
Either way, the next block that doesn't match, in the direction the block\par
was moving, will now be the color of the blocks that disappeared. The Amsha\par
will now have a block that is the color of the block that changed.\par
\par
If there is space between matching blocks, it is ignored. The blocks\par
disappear the same as if they were touching each other.\par
\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
/************************/\par
| (I-C) The Yellow Block |\par
/************************/\par
\par
\par
The yellow lightning bolt block is a wild card that automatically\par
matches the next block it hits. There are never any yellow blocks in the\par
pile. You get one free at the beginning of each level to get you started.\par
The only other time you get one is when there are no available matches and\par
you are therefore stuck. The block the Amsha has goes away and the Amsha\par
gets a yellow block. This uses up one from your inventory.\par
\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
/************************************/\par
| (I-D) Advanced Matching Techniques |\par
/************************************/\par
\par
\par
When you remove a block from the middle of a column, the higher blocks\par
in the column fall down into the space. It's important to do this, to expose\par
blocks in other columns you couldn't reach before.\par
\par
If the Amsha throws the block at the ceiling, the block will go right\par
in a straight line, hit the ceiling somewhere and slide down vertically in a\par
straight line. The usual rules apply in terms of matching. In some cases an\par
arrow will appear to indicate where the block will go if the Amsha throws it.\par
\par
If the block hits the back wall it slides straight down just as if it\par
hit the ceiling.\par
\par
If the block hits the floor, it bounces back to the Amsha.\par
\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
/*************/\par
| (I-E) Pipes |\par
/*************/\par
\par
\par
Pipes are always oriented vertically. Blocks can slide down through the\par
pipes. If a block hits a pipe from the side, it slides down as if it hit the\par
ceiling or the back wall.\par
\par
The layout of pipes in a given level is always the same from game to\par
game.\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
/*****************/\par
| Part II-Scoring |\par
/*****************/\par
\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
For eliminating one block you get 100 points. If you get more than one\par
at a time you get more points, as follows :\par
\par
2 blocks - 400 points\par
3 blocks - 900 points\par
4 blocks - 1600 points\par
5 or more - 2500 points\par
\par
For finishing a level you get 1000 bonus points. If you eliminate more\par
than one block at once, it is possible to finish the level with less than\par
the minimum number of blocks. When this happens your bonus points are\par
1000 x ( 1 + n ) where n is the number of blocks more than the minimum that\par
you eliminated. For example, if you need 7 or less blocks to advance to the\par
next level, and you end up with 5, you get 1000 x 3 bonus points.\par
\par
After this is added up you also get bonus points equal to 200 plus\par
10 times the remaining time. So if you have 2:15 remaining you get 2350\par
points.\par
\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
/*********************/\par
| Part III - Strategy |\par
/*********************/\par
\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
When there are no available matches, you use up one yellow block from\par
your inventory to get going again. You only have a few of these. Using up a\par
yellow block is like losing one life. This is really bad, because it is one\par
less chance you will have in the harder levels. Try to avoid this.\par
\par
When matching blocks, the next block that doesn't match switches with\par
the block the Amsha has. This is very important for PLOTTING your next move\par
(ha ha). Make sure that before you switch colors, there is another block of\par
the new color available to hit. Otherwise you will be stuck.\par
\par
Eliminating blocks vertically and hitting the floor is important,\par
because it lets you use the same color again, and thus get rid of more\par
blocks of that color. Say you made a column of solid green. Then you get\par
green from somewhere else. If you can make the green block fall onto the\par
green column, the whole column will disappear. The green block will bounce\par
back without changing colors. Now you can use green again. Of course, this\par
can also be a problem if there are no more greens you can hit. In general\par
though, using this technique wisely is a key strategy to getting rid of\par
large numbers of blocks on later levels.\par
\par
It is often a good idea to eliminate blocks in the column closest to\par
the Amsha, so that more blocks are exposed in the other columns.\par
\par
When you finish one level and move on to the next, never assume that\par
the ceiling will be the same. Always check the ceiling at the beginning of\par
the level. You don't want to expect a block to be available and then find\par
that you can't reach it.\par
\par
Try to plan it out so that when you are getting close to the end of a\par
level, you hit a bunch of blocks at once. This will make it more likely for\par
you to pass the minimum number of blocks and get big bonus points.\par
\par
To get a block to line up with another of the same color, try hitting a\par
block in the column underneath.\par
\par
If there is a row of blocks all the same color that you can't reach,\par
try to eliminate blocks in the column in front of it without hitting the\par
row. You can do this by throwing your blocks so that they fall vertically.\par
This way the switched block will be in the same column and the row you want\par
to hit won't be changed. You can also do this with columns but in reverse.\par
\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
/******************/\par
| Part IV - Ending |\par
/******************/\par
\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
*SPOILER**SPOILER**SPOILER**SPOILER**SPOILER**SPOILER**SPOILER**SPOILER*\par
\par
When you finish level 31 a message says "Half Clear" and you see a\par
little animation. After that level 32 is just like level 1 but with\par
different background colors and faster. All the levels are the same as the\par
first half, but the clock counts by half-seconds instead of seconds and the\par
background colors are different. When you finish level 59 a message says\par
"All Clear" and you see the same animation as level 31. Then you see the\par
message "You Are Great" and finally "Thank You For Playing." After that the\par
game is over and you are returned to the attract screens. So you only have\par
59 levels to set a high score! (Har har)\par
\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
/*****************************************/\par
| Part V - Credits/Thanks/Version History |\par
/*****************************************/\par
\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
Many thanks to:\par
\par
Taito Corp. for making this great game.\par
\par
Xplosiv, Empire Interactive Europe, and Sega Corp. for bringing us Taito\par
Legends so I could play this great game.\par
\par
Red Scarlet for his / her spiffy FAQ format.\par
\par
\par
*****************************************************************************\par
\par
\par
/******************************Version History******************************/\par
| |\par
| First Version 02/14/06 - First public version, everything I have found |\par
| out so far. |\par
| |\par
/******************************Version History******************************/\par
\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
\par
That's it for now, unless I get enough emails about anything else or\par
any changes or additions. Thank you for reading my FAQ and email with any\par
questions (doctorx0079_at_bex.net) or if you just want to talk to someone\par
about Plotting, Taito Legends or any other games I have written FAQ's for.\par
\par
Copyright 2006 The Mysterious Doctor X.\par
Back to top \tab\par
View user's profile Send private message \tab  \tab\par
Display posts from previous:   \par
Post new topic   Reply to topic \tab    The 2D Video Game Forum - 2Dgaming.net - Forum Index -> Strategy \tab All times are GMT\par
Page 1 of 1\par
\par
 \par
\tab\par
Jump to:  \par
You cannot post new topics in this forum\par
You cannot reply to topics in this forum\par
You cannot edit your posts in this forum\par
You cannot delete your posts in this forum\par
You cannot vote in polls in this forum\par
\par
Powered by phpBB \'a9 2001, 2005 phpBB Group\par
phpBB2 Design by ForumTemplates.com\par
}
 