{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang4105{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 12 CLS : PMODE : PCLEAR 1: CLEA\par
R 512: CLS\par
1 3  N $ (l)= ' HANN I BA L ' : N $ (2) ="ST.\par
PETERSBURG " : N $ ( 3 )=" QUINCY"\par
14 PRINT ' TOM SAWY E R ": PRINT\par
15 I NPUT " S TART CHAPTER : 1 TO 2\par
4' ; C\par
16 C=INT(C) : IF C<l OR 024 THE\par
N CLS : GOTO 14 ELSE CLS\par
1 7 STf=STRI NG$ (32,4 2 ) : ZZ$= " NWS\par
E " : S$=CHR$ ( 3 2)\par
18 A$ (l) ='YOU ' R E A LITERARY TIM\par
E TRAVELER R I DING A STERNWH EELER\par
DOWN THE MISSISS I PPI RIVER IN S\par
EARCH OF A BOY NAMED TOM SAWYER.\par
19 A$ (2) =S$+'THREE TOWNS ARE CO\par
MING U P . YOU WILL MAKE SHORE AT\par
ONE . TO DO SO, PRESS ANY KEY WHE\par
N YOU SEE THE RIGHT TOWN ."\par
2 G= 2: K = l: GOSUB 161: CLS\par
21 FOR X=l TO 3\par
2 2 P R INT @ 236 , N $ ( X ) ;\par
2 3 FOR T=l TO 5\par
24 IF I NKEY $ < >"" THEN CLS : GOTO\par
29\par
25 NEXT T\par
26 CLS\par
27 NEXT X\par
28 A$ ( l )="YOU KEEP RID ING ON DO\par
WN TO NEW ORLEAN S . I T 'S AN INTER\par
ESTNG TOWN , BUT TOM SAWYER 'S NOT\par
THERE. --THE E ND . ": K = l: GOSUB\par
161: END\par
29 IF X=l THEN A $ ( l ) = "A FAMOUS\par
TOWN . MARK TWAIN, WHOSE REAL NAM\par
E WAS SAMU EL LANGHORNE CLEMENS ,\par
L I VED THERE WHEN HE WAS A BOY . B\par
UT TOM SAWYER NEVER DID. -THE EN\par
D . ": GOSUB 161: END\par
3  IF X=3 THEN A $ ( l )="YOU GOT 0\par
FF IN I L L I NO I S . YOU WANTED M I SSO\par
URI . -THE E ND . ": K=l : GOS UB 16i\par
: END\par
31 A $ (l) ="ST. PETERSBURG ! TOM S\par
AWYER L IVES HERE . " +S$\par
32 A $ ( 2 )="YOU STAND AT THE FOOT\par
OF MAIN STREET IN A M I S SOUR I HA\par
MLET . THE Y EAR IS 1845 . NEARBY I\par
S THE TOWN SQUARE . TO THE EAST I\par
S THE MISSISSIPPI R IVER AND THE\par
GREEN B LUFFS OF I L L I NOIS SHIMMER\par
I NG IN M I D-DAY HEAT . '\par
33 A $ (3)=S $ +"I N THE D I STANCE AR\par
E PRIM C LAPBOARD HOMES AND BEYON\par
o IS COUNTRYSID E . ": G= 3: GOSUB 1\par
6 iiJ\par
34 PRINT " THE R IVER LAND I NG :"\par
35 IF C=l THEN A $ (l) = " YOU ARE A\par
T THE MAIN LAND I NG FOR R IVER TRA\par
HIC'\par
36iJ IF C>l THEN A $ (l) ="YOU STAND\par
AT THE RIVER LAND I NG. NOTHING M\par
UCH HAPPENING ."\par
3 7iJ IF C=18 THEN A$ (l)= ' * ** EVER\par
YONE BOARDS SMALL BOATS FOR THE\par
PICNIC ON JACKSON 'S ISLAN D . ": C= \par
19\par
38" GOSUB 161"\par
39" ON Z GOTO 117 " , 41", 132", 4""\par
4"" A $ (l) ='YOU LEAP FULLY C LOTHE\par
D I NTO THE MISS ISSI PPI RIVER. ST\par
RANG E BEHAVIOR ! YOU CRAWL OUT . ':\par
K=l : GOSUB 161,,: GOTO 34"\par
41" PRINT ' THE TOWN SQUARE :'\par
42" IF C=l THEN A $ ( l ) = ' T HE CENTE\par
R OF COMMERCE OF THIS THRIVING M\par
ETROPO L IS. NO ONE ELSE IS PRES EN\par
T \f1\bullet\par
\bullet\par
43" IF C>l THEN A $ (l) ='AN UNEVEN\par
TFUL MOMENT IN CIVIC LIF E."\par
44" IF C>17 THEN A $ ( l )=' THREE MY\par
STERIOUS CHARACTERS H EAD FOR ' NU\par
MBER TWO ' AT THE TAVERN ."\par
45" IF C>2 " THEN A $ (l)= " EVERYONE\par
SEEMS TO BE ELS EWH ERE ."\par
46" GOSUB 161"\par
4 7" ON Z GOTO 1"9 ",4 8 " ,12 4", 34"\par
48" PRINT "THE COURTHOUS E :"\par
49" IF C=l THEN A $ (l) ='YOU SAUNT\par
ER UP THE WOODEN STAI RS OF THE C\par
OURTHOUS E. I T 'S S ATURDAY AND THE\par
BUILDI NG IS C LOS E D ."\par
5 "" IF C>l THEN A $ ( l )="NOT H I NG I\par
NTERESTING GO I NG ON HER E . "\par
51" IF C<>14 THEN 54"\par
52" A $ (l)= \f0\'b7 \'b7 \'b7\'b7 THE TRIAL OF MUFF\par
POTT ER IS HELD . HIS GUILT S E EMS\par
CERTAIN TO THE TOWNSPEOPLE. THE\par
N POTTER 'S LAWY ER CALLS A SURPRI\par
SE WITNESS - - TOM . THE BOY TELLS\par
WHAT HAPPENED IN THE G RAVEYARD.\par
AS I NJUN JOE H EARS HIMSELF ACCU\par
S ED,"+S$\par
53" A $ ( 2 )="HE CRASHES TH ROUGH A\par
WINDOW AND ESCAPES .': G= 2: C= 15\par
54" GOSUB 161"\par
5 5" ON Z GOTO 74", 5 6 ",153", 41"\par
56" PRINT 'THE WI DOW DOUGLAS ' HO\par
M E :"\par
57" IF C=l THEN A $ (l) ='S HE I SN'T\par
S EE N . IN THE D I STANCE IS HEARD\par
A DOG'S LAZY BARK ."\par
58" IF C>l THEN A$ (l) = ' THE WI DOW\par
DOUGLAS SMILES AND WAVES AS YOU\par
PASS BY'\par
59" IF C>5 THEN A $ (l) ="NO ONE HO\par
M E ."\par
6"" IF C=2" THEN A$ ( l )="\'b7\'b7\'b7 HUCK\par
FOLLOWS I NJUN JOE AND HIS GANG\par
TO THE WIDOW'S HOME . THE MEN PLA\par
N TO ROB HER . H UCK RUNS FOR H ELP\par
AND ARMED TOWNSMEN HURRY TO THE\par
HOME. JOE AND THE MEN ESCAP E, B\par
UT THE WI DOW IS UNHARMED .': C=21\par
: GOTO 611l\par
6 1" IF C=22 THEN A $ (l) ="WI DOW DO\par
UGLAS WORRI EDLY ASKS FOR N EWS OF\par
TOM AND BECKY . YOU SADLY REPLY\par
THERE IS NONE ."\par
6 2" IF C=23 THEN A $ (l) ='W IDOW DO\par
UGLAS P R EPARES FOR A PART Y .'\par
63" IF C=24 THEN A$ (l)= \'b7 \'b7 \'b7\'b7 A GA\par
LA PARTY IS HELD TO CELEB RATE AL\par
L THE GOOD THINGS THAT H AVE HAPP\par
ENED . TOM AND HUCK R EVEAL THE TR\par
EASURE THEY HAVE FOUN D. A HAPPY\par
CONCLUS ION . -THE EN D . '\par
64" IF C=24 THEN K=l\par
6 5" GOSUB 161"\par
66" IF C=24 THEN END\par
67" ON Z GOTO 74", 68" ,15 3", 1,,9"\par
68" PRINT 'A FOREST :"\par
69" IF C<>5 THEN A$ ( l )='YOU WAND\par
ER I NTO A STAND OF TREES . THESE\par
WOODS ARE A LIKELY SITE FOR CHIL\par
DREN'S GAMES .'\par
7"" IF C=5 THEN A $ ( l ) = \'b7\'b7\'b7\'b7 TOM A\par
ND JOE HARPER P LAY ROB IN HOOD . T\par
HEY AGREE THEY WOULD RATHER BE 0\par
UTLAWS A YEAR IN SHERWOOD FOREST\par
THAN PRESI D ENT OF TH E UNI TED ST\par
ATES FOREVER .': C=6\par
71" GOSUB 161"\par
72" ON Z GOTO 73", 56" , 7 4", 96"\par
7 3" A $ (l)= 'THE WOODS LEAD NOWHER\par
E I NTERESTING NORTHWARD, SO YOU\par
RETURN . ': K=l : GOSUB 161,,: GOTO\par
68"\par
74" PRINT ' AUNT POLLY 'S HOME :'\par
7 5" IF C>l THEN 8""\par
76" A $ ( l ) = \'b7\'b7\'b7\'b7 YOU HAVE FOUND TO\par
M SAWYER . HE STANDS GLUMLY B EFOR\par
E A PEELING FENCE . A BUCKET OF W\par
HITEWASH AND A BRUSH ARE N EARBY .\par
AS YOU WATCH HE TRIES TO PAY'+S\par
$\par
77" A $ (2)= ' OTHER C H I LDREN TO WOR\par
K. THEY REFUSE. THEN HE GETS AN\par
IDEA. HE PRETENDS TO TAK E GREAT\par
PLEASURE F ROM THE PAINTING . THIS\par
CAUS ES OTHERS TO PAY FOR THE PR\par
IVILEGE OF HELPING . \'b7 +S$\par
78" A $ ( 3 )=' TOM D I SCOVERS HE CAN '\par
T BUY HELP BUT HE CAN SELL WORK !\par
THE F ENCE IS QU I CKLY DAUBE D. HA\par
PPY AND RICH F ROM THE EXPERI ENCE\par
, TOM GOES TO PLAY . "\par
79" C=C+l: G=4 : GOTO 88"\par
8 "" IF C=2 THEN A $ (l)= ' AUNT POLL\par
Y MARVELS OVER THE NEWLY-PAI NTED\par
FENCE AND WONDERS HOW TOM DID I\par
T\par
\f1\bullet\par
\bullet\par
81" IF C>2 THEN A$ (l) ='A LL IS QU\par
l ET .\bullet\par
8 2 " IF C=3 OR C=12 THEN A $ ( l ) = 'I\par
T'S SUNDAY MORNING. EVERYONE IS\par
GON E SOMEWHERE . "\par
8 3" IF C = 4 OR C=13 THEN A $ ( l ) =A\par
UNT POLLY DOES HOUSEWORK. WITH S\par
ID AND TOM AT SCH00L, ALL IS PEA\par
CEFUL'\par
84" IF C=22 THEN A$ (l)= \f0\'b7\'b7\'b7\'b7 TOM\par
AND HUCK ARE REUNITED. HUCK TELL\par
S WHAT HE S AW AT THE TAVERN , BUT\par
TOM SAYS THE TREASURE N EVER WAS\par
IN ' NUMB ER TWO ' AND PROM ISES TO\par
TAKE HUCK TO THE BOOT Y . THEY LE\par
AVE ' : C=23\par
85" IF C=9 THEN A $ (l)= ' IT'S GROW\par
I NG LAT E , AND AUNT POLLY WONDERS \par
WHERE TOM IS. '\par
86" IF C=l" THEN A $ ( l )=\'b7\'b7 \'b7\'b7 TOM\par
SNEAKS HOME AND H EARS AUNT POLLY\par
, SID AND MARY S P EAK OF HIM AS I\par
F HE WERE DEAD . HE SLIPS AWAY . ':\par
C= l 1 : GOTO 88"\par
8 7" IF C= ll THEN A $ ( l ) = ' AUNT POL\par
LY 'S GRI EF DEEPENS .'\par
88" GOSUB 161"\par
89" ON Z GOTO 68" , 5 6", 48", 9 ""\par
9"" PRINT ' T HE NEIGHBORHOOD :'\par
91" IF C=l THEN A$ (l) ='YOU WALK\par
ALONG A LANE THROUGH A NEIGHBORH\par
000 . A COMMOT ION OF CHI LDREN 'S V\par
OICES IS HEARD NEARBY .'\par
92" IF C>l THEN A$ (l) = ' THE AREA\par
IS EMPTY .'\par
93" IF C=15 THEN A $ (l) =\'b7 \f1\bullet\bullet\bullet  TOM\par
AND HUCK ARE TOWN HEROES FOR BEA\par
RING WITNESS AGAI N ST I NJUN JOE .\par
BUT THE BOYS ARE WOR R IED JOE WIL\par
L COM E AFTER THEM . QU I CK LY , THEY\par
FORGET THEiR WORRY AND D ECIDE T\par
o DIG FOR TREASURE. WHERE?' : C= l\par
6\par
94" GOSUB 161"\par
95" ON Z GOTO 68",74", 1"9" , 1"3,,\par
96" 'PRINT ' AN OLD HOUSE :'\par
97" IF C<>16 THEN A $ ( l )=' HERE IS\par
AN OLD ROTTING HOUSE . SOME SAY\par
I T 'S HAUNTED . STRANGE NO ISBS . . . \bullet\par
98" IF C=16 THEN A$ (l) =\f0\'b7\'b7\'b7\'b7 TOM\par
AND HUCK ENTER THE HOUSE SEEKING\par
TREASURE BUT HIDE WHEN THEY H EA\par
R NOISES . I NJUN JOE AND HIS GANG\par
ARE THERE. THE MEN LEAE WITH A\par
BOX OP STOLEN SILVER. JOE SAYS\par
THEy ' L L HIDE IT IN ' N UMB ER TWO ' .\par
" + S$\par
99" IF C=16 THEN A$ (2) = ' THE BOYS\par
P UZZLE OVER THAT AND VOW TO SEA\par
RCH FOR THE SILVER.': G=2 : C= 17\par
1 """ GOSUB 161"\par
1"1,, ON Z GOTO 1"2" , 6 8", 138,,, 1"2\par
" '\par
1"2,, A $ ( l ) = ' NOTH I NG I NTERESTING\par
THAT WAY ' : GOSUB 161" : GOTO 1"1"\par
1"3" PRINT ' LAWY ER THATCHER 'S HO\par
M E : \f1\bullet\par
1"4" IF C=l THEN A $ (l) = ' YOU PASS\par
BY THE THATCHER 'S HOUSE, SEE I NG\par
A PRETTY G I RL ABOUT 1" Y EARS OL\par
D. THAT MUST BE HIS NIEC E , BECKY '\par
1"5" IF C>2 THEN A$ (l) ='NO ONE I\par
N THE AREA . '\par
1"6" IF C=2 THEN A $ (l)= \f0\'b7 \'b7 \'b7\'b7 TOM\par
P LAYS GENERAL FOR A WH ILE. THEN\par
HE SEES THE LOVELY BECKY THATCHE\par
R IN THE GARDEN OF HER UNCLE 'S H\par
OME . HE F ALLS IN LOVE . ': C=3\par
1"7,, GOSUB 161"\par
1"8" ON Z GOTO 6 8 ",9 "",117" , 96"\par
1"9" PRINT " T HE CHURCH :'\par
1 1"" IF C=l THEN A$ (l)= "THE CHOI\par
R IS PRACTI CING. YOU LISTEN FOR\par
A WH ILE AND LEAVE ."\par
111 IF C3 THEN A$ (!)= \'b7 \'b7\'b7\'b7 TOM\par
TRADES SOME FENCE-PAINTING LOOT\par
FOR S UN DAY SCHOOL T I CKETS MEANT\par
TO BE EARNED BY MEMORIZING B I BLE\par
VERSES . HE THUS ' Q UALIF IES ' TO\par
RECE IVE A BIBLE . THIS IS A SWE ET\par
V I CTORY B ECAUS E BECKY IS PRESEN\par
T. '+S$\par
112 IF C=3 THEN A$ (2) ' HOWEVER ,\par
IN SHOWI NG OFF , TOM I DENTIFIES\par
THE FIRST TWO DISCI PLES AS DAVID\par
AND GO LIAT H . HOW EMBARRA SSING ! '\par
: G 2: C=4 : GOTO 1 1 5\par
1 1 3 IF C > l THEN A$ (l) = ' THE CHUR\par
CH IS OPEN BUT EMPTY .'\par
114 IF C12 THEN A $ ( ! )=\'b7\'b7 \'b7\'b7 THE\par
TOWN G ATHERS FOR THE FUNERAL OF\par
THE LOST BOYS . AND UP THE AISLE\par
MARCH THE MISS I NG LADS : TOM , HU\par
CK AND JOE . THE CONGREG ATION BUR\par
STS I NTO A HYMN OF T HANKSG IVING .\par
AUNT POLLY HUGS TOM . SHE I SN'T\par
ANGRY . ': C=13\par
115 GOSUB 161\par
1 1 6 ON Z GOTO 9  , 5 6  , 41, 1 1 7\par
! ! 7 PRINT ' THE SCHOOL :'\par
1 1 8 IF Cl THEN A $ (l) 'THROUGH\par
A WINDOW YOU SEE MR. DOBBINS , TH\par
E TEACH ER. HE SNOOZES AT HIS DES\par
K .\f1\bullet\par
119 IF C>l THEN A$ (l) ='NO ONE H\par
ERE. IS IT SUMMER VACAT I ON Y ET?'\par
1 2 IP C=4 THEN A $ ( ! )=\f0\'b7\'b7\'b7\'b7 AS P\par
UNISHMENT , TOM IS MADE TO SIT BY\par
THE N EW GIRL, BECKY THAT CHER . H\par
E LOVES THIS . BY DAY 'S END THEY\par
ARE ' ENGAGED. ": C=5\par
121 IF C13 THEN A$ ( l )=\'b7 \'b7\'b7\'b7 TOM\par
IS HAPPY TO BE BACK IN HIS REGU\par
LAR LIFE. HE AND BECKY HAVE AN A\par
RGUMENT ... LATER, BECKY T EARS T\par
HE TEACHER 'S ANATOMY BOOK. WHEN\par
TOM TAKES THE BLAME FOR HER , SHE\par
LOVES HIM AGA IN. ': C=!4\par
122 GOSUB 161\par
123 ON Z GOT013, 19 , 3 4, 96\par
!24 PRINT 'THE TAVERN :'\par
1 2 5 IF C=l THEN A $ ( l )='I T'S ST .\par
PETERSBURG 'S MOST DISR EPUTABLE\par
PLAC E . A S HAKY MUFF POTT ER, THE\par
TOWN DRUNK, ASKS FOR A FIVE-CENT\par
PIECE. YOU REFUSE BUT BUY HIM A\par
SASPARILLA'\par
! 26 IF C>! THEN A$ ( l )' JUST THE\par
U SUAL GOING ON H E RE, AND AT ALL\par
HOURS .'\par
127 IF C17 THEN A $ ( l ) =\'b7 \'b7 \'b7\'b7 IN\par
SEARCH OF I NJUN JOE 'S SILVER TRE\par
ASURE , TOM AND HUCK I NVESTI GATE\par
LOCAL TAVERNS . ONE HAS A LOCKED\par
ROOM TWO . COU LD THIS BE THE ' NUM\par
BER TWO' ?' +S$\par
128 IF C=17 THEN A$ ( 2 )=" ... LAT\par
ER, HUCK MAKES A KEY WOR K. ENT ER\par
l NG, HE A LMOST STEPS ON A SLEEPI\par
NG I NJUN JOE 'S HEAD . NO TREASURE\par
SEEN. HUCK AND TOM RUN AWAY . ':\par
G = 2: C=18\par
129 IF c= !9 THEN A $ ( ! )\'b7\'b7\'b7 \'b7 HUC\par
K, WHO HAS NOT GONE TO THE PICNI\par
C, SEES THREE MEN EXIT ' NUMBER T\par
WO ' CARRYING A BOX . HE FOLLOWS T\par
HEM AND HEARS INJUN JOE THREATEN\par
THE WI DOW DOUGLAS .': C=2\par
1 3 GOSUB 161 \par
!3! ON Z GOT04 ! ,!5 J  , ! 32, J4\par
132 PRINT ' T HE OLD TANNERY :'\par
133 IF C(>7 THEN A$ (l)= ' NO ONE\par
IS HERE AT THE MOMENT .'\par
1J4 IF C=7 THEN A$ (l)\'b7\'b7 \'b7\'b7 TOM\par
AND HUCK RUN HERE F ROM THE G RAVE\par
YARD . THEY ARE SO FRI GHTENED BY\par
THE MURDER THEY SAW, THEY TAKE A\par
SOLEMN B LOOD OATH TO TELL NO ON\par
E . ": c=8\par
1 3 5 GOSUB 161\par
!J6 ON Z GOTO 3 4  , !5J,!3 7, !37\par
\par
137 A$ (l) 'YOU'R E H EADED FOR ST\par
. LOUIS, SO YOU TURN AROUND .': K\par
= 1 : GOSUB 161: GOTO !J2\par
1 3 8 PRINT ' JACKSON 'S ISLAND :'\par
1J9 A$ (l) ' LOCATED IN MID-RIVER\par
, T H IS IS AN OBVIOUS PARADISE FO\par
R CHI LDREN.'\par
1 4  IF C=l THEN A $ (l) ='HUCK AN\par
D JOE ARE ON THE ISLAND . TOM IS\par
GONE .\f1\bullet\par
141 IF c=9 THEN A$ (l)= \f0\'b7\'b7\'b7\'b7 TOM ,\par
HUCK AND JOE HARPER RUN AWAY TO\par
PLAY P I RATE ON JACKSON ISLAND .\par
THEY REMAIN THERE TWO D AYS WITH\par
NO THOUGHT OF ANYON E WORRYING AB\par
OUT THEM . ": C=l\par
!42 IF C=!! THEN A $ ( ! )=\'b7\'b7 \'b7\'b7 THE\par
BOYS REMAIN ON JACKSON I S LAND.\par
A STORM DAMP ENS THEIR SPI RIT OF\par
A DVENTURE. THEY THINK OF HOM E . ":\par
C!2\par
14J GOSUB 161\par
144 IF Z(>2 AND Z(>3 THEN A$ (l)\par
='YOU TAKE A SWIM AND R ETURN TO\par
SHOR E . ': K=l : GOS UB 16!: GOTO !\par
38\par
145 IF Z2 THEN A$ (l) ='YOU TAKE\par
A BOAT BACK TO ST . PETERSBURG .'\par
: K= l: GOSUB 161: GOTO 34\par
146 PRINT ' MCDOUGA L 'S CAVE:'\par
!47 IF C(21 THEN A $ (l)= ' I T'S SA\par
ID THE MYSTERIOUS CAVE IS IN THI\par
S AREA , BUT YOU CAN 'T F I ND IT. Y\par
OU SEEM TO BE CIRCLING.'\par
!48 IF C=2! THEN A$ ( ! )=\'b7\'b7 \'b7\'b7 YOU\par
ENT ER THE CAVE . TOM AND BECKY A\par
RE SOMEWH ERE WIT HIN. SO IS I NJUN\par
JOE . TOM AND BECKY ESCAPE. TWO\par
WEEKS PASS . TOM D I SCOVERS THE CA\par
VE HAS BEEN SEALED . \'b7+S$\par
149 IF c=21 THEN A $ (2)= \'b7\'b7\'b7\'b7 TOM\par
LEADS TOWNSMEN TO THE CAVE . INJ\par
UN JOE HAS DIED WITHI N . ': G = 2: C\par
=22\par
15 IF c= 23 THEN A$ ( l )='TOM AND\par
HUCK F I ND THE TREASURE OF GOLD :\par
$12 ,  ! ': C=24\par
1 5 1 GOS UB 161\par
! 5 2 ON Z GOTO 1J8 , 138  , 138,1 3\par
8\par
153 PRINT ' T HE G RAVEYAR D :'\par
154 A $ ( l )='I T'S LOV E LY BY DAY B\par
UT UNS ETTLING BY N IG H T . "\par
155 IF C=6 THEN A $ (l)= \'b7\'b7.\'b7 TOM\par
AND HUCK GO TO THE G RAVEYARD TO\par
CAST A WART- CURING SPE LL. HIDDEN\par
, THEY SEE D R . ROBI NSON , I NJUN J\par
OE AND MUFF POTT ER DIGGIN G UP A\par
CORPSE FOR MEDI CAL EXPERIME NTATI\par
ON. ROBI NSON AND JOE ARGUE AND R\par
OB I NSON IS K I LLED BY JOE . '\par
156 IF C6 THEN A $ (2) = ' THE BOY\par
FLEE IN HORROR . ': G=2 : C=7\par
157 IF C8 THEN A $ ( ! )=\'b7 \'b7\'b7\'b7 THE\par
TOWNS PEOPLE COME TO THE MURDER S\par
CENE. MUFF POTT ER IS ARRESTED FO\par
R THE KILLING . TOM FEELS GUILTY\par
BUT K EEPS TO HIS BLOOD OATH WITH\par
HUCK AND S AYS NOTHING .": c9\par
158 GOSUB 161\par
! 5 9 ON Z GOT048 , 5 6  , 1 6  , 1 3 2\par
1 6  A$ ( l )='WOOD ED BLUFFS ARE 1M\par
PASSABLE' : K=l : GOSUB 161: GO TO\par
1 5 J\par
!61 IF G= THEN G=l\par
162 FOR H=l TO G\par
163 FOR xl TO L EN(A$(H\'bb\par
1 6 4 W$=M I D$(A$(H) ,X,lJ\par
165 PRINT W$ ;\par
166 P$=I NKEY$ : IF p$='Q' THEN C\par
LS : PRINT ' YOU STOP AT CHAPTE R'C\par
: END\par
167 IF P $ (>" THEN CT=CT+!\par
168 IF CT= l THEN166 E LSE CT=\par
169 LL=LL+1\par
! 7 IF LL> !5 AND W$=S$ AND I NST\par
R ( MID $(A$(H),X +1, 31-LL ) , CH R$(3 2)\par
) = THEN LL= : PRINT\par
1 7l NEXT X, H\par
172 PRINT\par
173 PRINT ST$ ;\par
174 IF K=l THEN FOR T=l TO 1 2\par
: NEXT T\par
175 LL=\par
176 IF K=l THEN K= : G= : RETUR\par
N\par
!77 PRINT ' ( N)ORTH (S>OUTH (E>A\par
ST (W> EST?\par
178 Z$=INKEY$\par
! 7 9 IF Z$(>'N' AND Z$(> 'S' AND\par
Z$(> "W' AND Z $ (>'E' THEN 1 78\par
18 FOR X=l TO 4\par
181 IF MID$(Z Z $ ,X,l)= Z$ THEN Z=\par
X\par
182 NEXT X: PRINT ST$ ;\par
183 CLS : G= : RETURN\par
!84 END \par
\par
}
 